how you doing my name is estos artists
just finish this meal for Hadji six like
to say happy birthday
36 rest in peace birthdays this Monday
April 18th coming up you know we just
want to come out here and celebrate and
then we like two things on Terrance day
sugar J for sponsoring the miracle me
and my friend Jimmy we just finished it
up you know he did a lot of background
work a lot of people know my work from
the early 90s we severe on graffiti
artists and you know this is where we
are right now
rest in peace huh D rest in peace Twizy
rest in peace Big Al and all the other
fallen rappers from Harlem peace
oh shit what's going on man sugar J
Harlem you know what it is right now we
live 140 30 Linux just finished the
completion of the hottie 6 Merrill Andre
Hudson huh teasing my brother my best
friend I meant all he was already above
to me man
so much I can say about a man it's just
you know I'm happy that we got the
mirrors up just in time on the weather I
broke his birthday is Monday April 18th
so we don't do a candle light and form
so everybody else you know if we get
this in time come on out April 18 feet
on the candle lighting for honey 6 to 8
p.m. right here it's going down
huh t 6 we love you baby sekijima H
world forever baby
you how you doing this is Jim when he
stacks aka Jim you know I did the hottie
six-member éstos know we've been doing
it since 1994 go way back
no rest in peace the good do huh t6
lasting peace of Twizy no rest in peace
of my family already ready you know how
we do the whole Harlem just shout out to
everybody you know this is what we did
this Harlem come together you know for
good cause in the back cause we all hold
each other down none of my new hurry
phone back from playing ball in the
street stuff you know going back to the
studio to that red carpet that's how we
do gonna block to the red carpet
shout out tomorrow would be that just
came home you know we all need to do we
think that's how we do it you know give
it up shout out you know I give a
shout-out to my godfather gangsta Lulu
Sam you know how are we doing you know
just keeping over keeping the warning
that's how we do so you know one more
time shower honey sexy no rest in peace
Tahari Twizy you know baby J you know we
do and you know I sent my condolence to
the hoodie 6 and 10 family you know my
man 6 and 10 10 10 10 with the curve I
there's Jim money stack signing off
that's true this is beautiful you did
this didn't diss looks just like honey
look like he bout to just come out at
you
rest in peace huh happy birthday to you
I want to set up happy heavenly happy
birthday up to you we love you gone but
never forgotten we love you honey
you